[Bug Fix] Remove incremental logic (#97)
fivetran/dbt_shopify: CHANGELOG.md

# dbt_shopify v0.16.0
[PR #97](https://github.com/fivetran/dbt_shopify/pull/97) includes the following updates:

## Bug Fixes
- Removed incremental logic in the following end models:
  - `shopify__discounts`
  - `shopify__order_lines`
  - `shopify__orders`
  - `shopify__transactions`

> - Incremental strategies were removed from these models due to potential inaccuracies with the `merge` strategy on BigQuery and Databricks. For instance, the `new_vs_repeat` field in `shopify__orders` could produce incorrect results during incremental runs. To ensure consistency, this logic was removed across all warehouses. If the previous incremental functionality was valuable to you, please consider opening a feature request to revisit this approach.

Reviewer: My understanding was that it was the incremental strategy in general and not limited to `merge`, especially since we had the models in question materializing as tables by default for BQ and Databricks, and delete+insert uses the same unique-key logic. Is this not the case? Unless I am mistaken, I would recommend generalizing it a bit: 

```suggestion
- Incremental strategies were removed from these models due to potential inaccuracies with the incremental strategy. For instance, the `new_vs_repeat` field in `shopify__orders` could produce incorrect results during incremental runs. If the previous incremental functionality was valuable to you, please consider opening a feature request to revisit this approach.
```

Author: Ah, I wasn't certain, as the majority of the conversation centered around `merge`.  I've tweaked this a little, let me know if this looks good!

# dbt_shopify v0.16.0
[PR #97](https://github.com/fivetran/dbt_shopify/pull/97) includes the following updates:

## Bug Fixes
- Removed incremental logic in the following end models:
  - `shopify__discounts`
  - `shopify__order_lines`
  - `shopify__orders`
  - `shopify__transactions`

> - These models utilized the `merge` incremental strategy on BigQuery and Databricks, as we could not rely on a time series timestamp to impelment the `insert_overwrite` strategy. Using `merge` is a costly strategy, so it defeats the purpose of leveraging incremental logic. 
> - There were also concerns about the incremental logic returning incorrect data in some end models. For example, if a repeat order within the `new_vs_repeat` CTE logic in `shopify__orders` was calculated within the specified incremental window but the new order was not in that same time period, it could be incorrectly processed as a new order.  

Reviewer 2: I worry this is bordering too much information that customers may not entirely understand this update. Here is a recommendation for making this a bit more succinct.

```suggestion
- Incremental strategies were removed from these models due to potential inaccuracies with the `merge` strategy on BigQuery and Databricks. For instance, the `new_vs_repeat` field in `shopify__orders` could produce incorrect results during incremental runs. To ensure consistency, this logic was removed across all warehouses. If the previous incremental functionality was valuable to you, please consider opening a feature request to revisit this approach.
```

Author: Updated.

> ## [Upstream Under-the-Hood Updates from `shopify_source` Package](https://github.com/fivetran/dbt_shopify_source/releases/tag/v0.15.0)

Reviewer 2: Additionally, be sure to update the README to reference the new breaking version of the source package in the dependency section.

Author: Updated.

- (Affects Redshift only) Creates new `shopify_union_data` macro to accommodate Redshift's treatment of empty tables.

>   - For each staging model, if the source table is not found in any of your schemas, the package will create a empty table with 0 rows for non-Redshift warehouses and a table with 1 all-`null` row for Redshift destinations.

Reviewer 2: This reads a bit strange. You mention above that this change only impacts Redshift users; however, the first part of this bullet mentions the behavior for every warehouse other than Redshift. Can we switch this around so the Redshift change is mentioned first and then we can say there should be no change in behavior for other warehouses.

Author: Updated, as done in the source CHANGELOG.
